Named page 23682 (#24485)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/page/index.md

  </section>
  <section id="chapter1" class="chapter">
    <h2>Named pages</h2>
    <p>Lorem ipsum</p>
  </section>
  <section id="chapter2" class="chapter">
    <h2>Page Orientation</h2>
    <p>Lorem ipsum</p>
  </section>
  <section id="chapter3" class="chapter">
    <h2>Page Margins</h2>
    <p>There are 16 page margins that can be set:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>@top-left-corner</li>
      <li>@top-left</li>
      <li>@top-middle</li>
      <li>@top-right</li>
      <li>@top-right-corner</li>
      <li>@left-top</li>
      <li>@left-middle</li>
      <li>@left-bottom</li>
      <li>@right-top</li>
      <li>@right-middle</li>
      <li>@right-bottom</li>
      <li>@bottom-left-corner</li>
      <li>@bottom-left</li>
      <li>@bottom-middle</li>
      <li>@bottom-right</li>
      <li>@bottom-right-corner</li>
    </ul>
    <p>They can be used to show what appears in these parts of the margin</p>
  </section>
  <section id="conclusion">
    <h2>Conclusion</h2>
    <p>Now go ahead and write books.</p>
  </section>
</article>
```

#### CSS

```css hidden
fieldset {
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: row;
  justify-content: space-between;
  gap: 1rem;
  width: fit-content;
}
```

> The first part of the CSS sets up the **named** pages, these include the size and orientaion and also some content to go in the `@top-middle` margin of the printed pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first part of the CSS sets up the **named** pages, these include the size and orientation and also some content to go in the [`@top-middle` margin](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@page#margin_at-rules) of the printed pages.
```

```css
@page toc {
  size: a4 portrait;
  @top-middle {
    content: "Table of contents";
  }
}

@page foreward {
  size: a4 portrait;
  @top-middle {
    content: "Foreward";
  }
}

@page introduction {
  size: a4 portrait;
  @top-middle {
    content: "Introduction";
  }
}

@page conclusion {
  size: a4 portrait;
  @top-middle {
    content: "Conclusion";
  }
}

@page chapter {
  size: a4 landscape;
  @top-middle {
    content: "Chapter";
  }
}
```

> The next part of the CSS specifies which CSS selectors will use which named pages when printing. As the sections with `class="chapter"` are concurrent they appear as one page, in order to split them up they are split using `break-after: page;` which splits each chapter into another page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next part of the CSS uses [attribute selectors](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Attribute_selectors) to apply the print dimensions, orientation, and margins defined in the named  `@page` rules defined in the previous CSS section to elements using the `page` property. 

The sections with `class="chapter"` are concurrent and appear as one page. The `break-after: page;` is used to split them up, which splits each chapter into a separately printed page.
```

```css
@media print {
  fieldset {
    display: none;
  }
  section {
    font-size: 2rem;
    font-family: Roboto;
  }
  .chapter {
    border: tomato 2px solid;
  }
  [data-print="grouped"] > #toc,
  [data-print="paged"] > #toc {
    page: toc;
    font-family: Courier;
  }
  [data-print="grouped"] > #foreward,
  [data-print="paged"] > #foreward {
    page: foreward;
    font-family: Courier;
  }
  [data-print="grouped"] > #introduction,
  [data-print="paged"] > #introduction {
    page: introduction;
    font-family: Courier;
  }
  [data-print="grouped"] > #conclusion,
  [data-print="paged"] > #conclusion {
    page: conclusion;
    font-family: Courier;
  }
  [data-print="grouped"] > .chapter,
  [data-print="paged"] > .chapter {
    page: chapter;
  }
  [data-print="paged"] > .chapter {
    border: none;
    break-after: page;
  }
  .chapter > ul {
    columns: 2;
  }
}
```

#### JavaScript

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The JavaScript updates the value of the `data-print` attribute, which is the attribute on which the named page is applied, when you select a different  printing option:
```

```js
const printArea = document.querySelector("#print-area");
const printButton = document.querySelector("#print");
const printOption = document.querySelector("#printStyle");
printOption.addEventListener("change", (event) => {
  if (event.target.value === "single") {
    printArea.dataset.print = "single";
  } else if (event.target.value === "grouped") {
    printArea.dataset.print = "grouped";
  } else {
    printArea.dataset.print = "paged";
  }
});
printButton.addEventListener("click", () => {
  window.print();
});
```

#### Result

> Selecting a different print style radio input will change the output of the print dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is printed, and what is shown in the print preview dialog, will change depending on which print style radio button is selected.
```

---
title: page
slug: Web/CSS/page
page-type: css-property

> browser-compat: css.at-rules.page.page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
browser-compat: css.properties.page
```

Author: Thank you for this @estelle I see now that there are 2 parts to this the `@page` `page` descriptor and the `page` property that uses the value of the descriptor.
Fixing now

Author: Done and updated the BCD too
